#1
Create a list of all the cnv values.
Iterate through the list comparing values to find the highest one.
Find out which gene or genes the highest metric is associated with.
Make sure all letters in your answer are uppercase.
Make sure there is no space after the last gene name.
#2
Try using a complex select to create a new dataframe of the genes we want.
Count how many genes are in that dataframe.
#3
Create a list of all the genes.
Iterate through the genes and use complex selections to compare the cnv values.
Make sure the cnv values for both patients is above or equal to the cutoff of 0.2 for each gene.
The cnv values don't have to be equal.
#4
Make sure all letters in the answer are uppercase.
Create a list of patients.
Create a list of cnv values for each patient.
Iterate through the list and count how many values are below -0.2.
Figure out which patient list has the most cnv values below -0.2
#5
Create a list of all ovarian sample IDs and a list of all the chromosomes
Try going through each chromosome and creating a sorted dataframe.
Try using the dff function to find all the loss events.
Try using the sorted dataframe to calculate the bp length for each loss.
Remember the longest loss event might not contain the greatest number of genes.
DO NOT sort your answer alphabetically, maintain the order based on chromosome location.
#6
First make sure you have downloaded the brca cnv data from the cptac database.
Find the Database_ID and chromosome number for the ERBB2 gene.
Try using the pd.merge() function to merge the location dataframe given to you and the CNV dataframe.
Look at which column is best to merge with. The BRCA cancer data is different than the Ovarian data.
Try setting merge column as the index column.
Try creating a dataframe with just cnv values to run the dff function on.
Find out which events have the ERBB2 gene using the Database_ID.
Remember that a focal cnv is any cnv <= 8 genes.
#7
Make sure all the letters in your answer are lowercase.
Create a dataframe by joining the CNV and locations data.
Create a list of patients and chromosomes.
Try creating a list of which patients have arm level events for each chromosome.
Remember an arm level event is 50 or more genes.
See if any chromosome has 10 or less people in your list.